Doritos Nacho Chips 82.5G/100 Gram, Nacho Cheese Flavour, Crunchy Crispy Chips & Snacks, Big Pack (Weight May Vary )
Brand: Doritos
4.2 4.2 out of 5 stars    1,431 ratings | Search this page
600+ bought in past month
-10% ₹45.00 (₹54.55 /100 g)
M.R.P.: ₹50.00
Inclusive of all taxes
Save Extra with 2 offers
Cashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See AllCashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See All
Partner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free DetailsPartner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free Details
Free Delivery
Free Delivery
Non-Returnable
Non-Returnable
Amazon Delivered
Amazon Delivered
Top Brand
Top Brand
Secure transaction
Secure transaction
Brand	Doritos
Flavour	Nacho Cheese
Net Quantity	82.5 gram
Number of Items	1
Type	Corn Chip
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Item Form	Chips
Item Weight	82.5 Grams
Size	82.5 g (Pack of 1)
Item dimensions L x W x H	10 x 2 x 2.7 Centimeters
See more
This is a Vegetarian product.
About this item
BOLD FLAVOUR: Savory Nacho Cheese flavour that will ignite your senses;SELECT GOLDEN CORN: Made from select golden corn of the highest quality
EXTREME CRUNCH: A snack that you can not only taste but also hear;EDGY TRIANGULAR SHAPE: A nacho chip that's always on point
VERSATILE SNACK: Enjoy it by itself or with a salsa dip; SHELF LIFE: Best quality and flavour if consumed within 180 days
ABOUT THE BRAND: Our range of flavours takes bold to the next level, get ready for an explosion of flavor in every crunchy bite
BOLD FLAVOUR: Savory Nacho Cheese flavour that will ignite your senses
SELECT GOLDEN CORN: Made from select golden corn of the highest quality
EXTREME CRUNCH: A snack that you can not only taste but also hear
Show More
› See more product details
   Report an issue with this product
Top Brand

Doritos


90% positive ratings from 10K+ customers


10K+ recent orders from this brand


10+ years on Amazon
Product information
Collapse All
Expand All
Item details
Brand Name	Doritos
Flavor	Nacho Cheese
Snack Chip Type	Corn Chip
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Item Form	Chips
Package Type	Bag
Customer Reviews	4.2 4.2 out of 5 stars    1,431 ratings
4.2 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#3,202 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods (See Top 100 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods)
#12 in Nachos & Tortillas
ASIN	B08Q9B4LP7
Feedback
Would you like to tell us about a lower price? 
Measurements
Unit Count	82.5 gram
Number of Items	1
Item Weight	82.5 Grams
Size	82.5 g (Pack of 1)
Item Dimensions	10 x 2 x 2.7 Centimeters
Item Package Weight	0.11 Kilograms
Important information
Ingredients:
<p>Corn (77%), Edible Vegetable Oli (Palmolein), *Seasoning (Milk Solids, Refined Wheat Flour, Iodised Salt, Flavour (Natural and Nature Identical Flavouring Substances), Cheese Powder, Tomato Powder, ~Spices & Condiments, Anticaking agent (551), Color (160c), Acidity Regulator (330))</p> <p>*As flavouring agent. ~Contains Onion and Garlic.</p>

Directions:
Enjoy Doritos Nacho Cheese chips on their own or pair them with your favorite dip.

Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
Be unapologetically bold and express yourself with crunchy bites and intense flavours!

Doritos Nacho Cheese Chips are the cheese loaded bites that will add some mighty crunch to your day! Experience intense flavours with a snack full of character: every bite is a reminder to live boldly and to challenge your limits. Dig into a bag of Doritos Nacho Chips for an experience to remember! Doritos are without any doubt, the crunchiest companion for any occasion. Have them on your binge-watching sprees, serve them to build the mood for your house parties, or simply indulge on them to satisfy your late-night snack cravings. Enjoy them on their own or pair them with your favorite dip and allow their taste and crunch ignite your life!

Key benefits:
Bold nacho cheese flavour
Select golden corn
Extreme crunch
Edgy triangular shape
From the manufacturer
doritos
doritos
doritos

CRUNCH MASTER
From fresh golden corn, to a fresh golden chip. We're talking big crunch here. The kind you'd only hear even in a crowded room.

doritos

ANGLES OF BOLD
Bold flavours need a strong angle to contain it, and ours does just that. Each to pick up and perfect to crunch.

doritos

ICONIC CRUNCH
Don't worry, we got your back. If someone's enjoying a Dorito chip without you, you'll hear it.

doritos
