Britannia Gobbles Bar Cake Fruity Fun, 110 g
Visit the Britannia Store
4.3 4.3 out of 5 stars    3,727 ratings | Search this page
#1 Best Seller in Fruit Cakes
8K+ bought in past month
-3% ₹29.00 (₹26.36 /100 g)
M.R.P.: ₹30.00
Inclusive of all taxes
Save Extra with 2 offers
Cashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See AllCashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and A…See All
Partner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free DetailsPartner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free Details
Free Delivery
Free Delivery
Non-Returnable
Non-Returnable
Amazon Delivered
Amazon Delivered
Top Brand
Top Brand
Secure transaction
Secure transaction
Flavour	Mixed Fruit
Brand	Britannia
Item Weight	110 Grams
Diet Type	Non Vegetarian
Net Quantity	110 gram
This is a Non-vegetarian product.
About this item
Soft and spongy texture filled with the goodness of milk, fruit and eggs, making it as healthy as it is tasty.
Embellished with little fruit nuggets filling your senses with a tantalizing taste in every bite.
With the other flavours like chocolate, orange, milk, butter and pineapple these cakes become more interesting.
Britannia cake is a range of delicious ready to eat, on the go cakes that you can enjoy every time you crave for something sweet, soft, light and spongy.
Store this cake in a cool, dry place not under the direct sunlight to keep its soft and fluffy texture maintained. Trust of Britannia and pure ingredients have made this cake so undeniably tasty.
› See more product details
   Report an issue with this product
Top Brand

Britannia


94% positive ratings from 100K+ customers


100K+ recent orders from this brand


10+ years on Amazon
Product information
Collapse All
Expand All
Item details
Flavor	Mixed Fruit
Brand Name	Britannia
Diet Type	Non Vegetarian
Container Type	Packet
Manufacturer	BRITANNIA INDUSTRIES LTD, feedback@britindia.com
Customer Reviews	4.3 4.3 out of 5 stars    3,727 ratings
4.3 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#206 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods (See Top 100 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods)
#1 in Fruit Cakes
ASIN	B0B1D5SP8W
Feedback
Would you like to tell us about a lower price? 
Measurements
Item Weight	110 Grams
Unit Count	110 gram
Number of Items	1
Item Package Weight	0.14 Kilograms
Number of Pieces	1
Important information
Ingredients:
Prepared using Refined Wheat Flour, Sugar, Eggs, Edible Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Maltose Syrup, Edible Starch, Fruit Products, Iodised Salt, Preservatives, Acidity Requlator, Baking Powder, Raising Agent, Nature Identical and Artificial Flavouring Substance- Vanilla & Mixed Fruit

Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
Indulge in the delightful Britannia Fruit Cake, boasting soft, flavorful slices enriched with luscious fruit bits, milk, and eggs. Experience the exquisite blend of all-natural goodness that melts effortlessly in every bite, reflecting Britannia's commitment to crafting fresh and wholesome cakes adored across India. Believing in delivering fresh and healthy products, Britannia India manufactures some of India's favourite cakes.