Bingo Original Style Salt Sprinkled - Flat Cut Salted Potato Chips Pack For Snacks - 85/90 Grams(weight may vary)
Visit the Bingo Store
4.3 4.3 out of 5 stars    16,838 ratings | Search this page
1K+ bought in past month
-20% ₹40.00 (₹40.00 /100 g)
M.R.P.: ₹50.00
Inclusive of all taxes
Save Extra with 2 offers
Cashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See AllCashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See All
Partner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free DetailsPartner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free Details
Free Delivery
Free Delivery
Non-Returnable
Non-Returnable
Amazon Delivered
Amazon Delivered
Top Brand
Top Brand
Secure transaction
Secure transaction
Flavour Name: Salted
Salted
₹40.00
(₹40.00 /100 g)
₹50.00
Chili
See available options
Cream and Onion
See available options
Tomato
See available options
masala
See available options
Size: 100 g (Pack of 1)
100 g (Pack of 1)
25.5 g (Pack of 1)
52 g (Pack of 1)
44 g (Pack of 1)
45 g (Pack of 1)
50 g (Pack of 1)
58 g (Pack of 1)
90 g (Pack of 1)
Brand	Bingo
Flavour	Salted
Net Quantity	100.0 gram
Number of Items	1
Type	Potato Chip
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Item Form	Chips
Item Weight	90 Grams
Size	100 g (Pack of 1)
Item dimensions L x W x H	29.8 x 19.5 x 7 Centimeters
See more
This is a Vegetarian product.
About this item
BINGO! ORIGINAL STYLE: Looking for something classic and original? Just pop open a pack of Bingo! Original Style Salt Sprinkled potato chips!
FLAT-CUT SALTED CHIPS: Savour the classic combination of potatoes and salt in the form of flat cut wafers, the original style of potato chips
THIN WAFERS: Made from golden quality potatoes that are sliced so thinly that the chips are lighter than air which
IRRESISTIBLE FLAVOURS: One bite of this crispy salted potato chip and you will be reminded of the golden sunsets on the beach
CRISPY, CRUNCHY CHIPS: Experience the classic flavour and satisfying crunch with every bite of these salted chips
THE PERFECT SNACK: Satisfy your snack cravings anytime, anywhere with this pack of Bingo! Original Style Salt Sprinkled potato chips
› See more product details
   Report an issue with this product
Top Brand

Bingo


93% positive ratings from 50K+ customers


50K+ recent orders from this brand


10+ years on Amazon

Product information
Collapse All
Expand All
Item details
Brand Name	Bingo
Flavor	Salted
Snack Chip Type	Potato Chip
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Item Form	Chips
Package Type	Pouch
Customer Reviews	4.3 4.3 out of 5 stars    16,838 ratings
4.3 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#158 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods (See Top 100 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods)
#2 in Potato Chips
ASIN	B07VDFMQ39
Feedback
Would you like to tell us about a lower price? 
Measurements
Unit Count	100.0 gram
Number of Items	1
Item Weight	90 Grams
Size	100 g (Pack of 1)
Item Dimensions	29.8 x 19.5 x 7 Centimeters
Item Package Weight	0.09 Kilograms
Important information
Ingredients:
Ingredients: Potato (60.5%), Refined palmolein, and Iodised salt (1.5%).

Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
Whoever looked at the potato in the ground and decided to eat it, was a true visionary. Because if it wasn’t for him/ her, centuries later we wouldn’t have had the brilliant idea of making potato chips! Tear open the chips packet of Bingo! Original Style Salt Sprinkled and enjoy some yummy, salted chips. Salted potato chips have always been a part of our lives; even our birthday parties were incomplete without them. So, Bingo! brings you your happy childhood in the form of Bingo! Original Style Salt Sprinkled. Flat cut potato chips which are made from handpicked golden quality potatoes are sliced thinly to give you chips lighter than air. These chips are then cooked carefully to give you the right amount of crunchiness and sprinkled evenly with salt. No loud explosive flavours, just the perfect amount of salt to lighten your mood and remind you of sunsets by the beach. Whether you’re bored in a meeting, watching your screens buffer. They are incomplete without a bag of salted chips by Bingo! Original Style by your side.

From the manufacturer
Bingo Original Style Salt Sprinkled
Made from Golden Quality Potatoes 

Made from Golden Quality Potatoes
Potatoes Sliced to Perfection 

Potatoes Sliced to Perfection
Original Style Flat Cut Chips 

Original Style Flat Cut Chips
A Crunchy & Salty Flavour

A Crunchy & Salty Flavour
Original Style Flat Cut Chips 