ANMOLPREET Premium Butter Plain Cookies 200g Wheat & Gluten Free Delicious Crunchy Gourmet Biscuit
Brand: ANMOLPREET
3.2 3.2 out of 5 stars    2 ratings | Search this page
₹124.00 with 5 percent savings-5% ₹124 ₹124.00 per count(₹124 / count)
M.R.P.: ₹130.00M.R.P.: ₹130
Inclusive of all taxes
 
Offers
Cashback
Upto ₹6.20 cashback as Amazon Pay Balance when you pay with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit CardsUpto ₹6.20 cashback as Amazon Pay Bal…
2 offers
Partner Offers
Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for freeGet GST invoice and save up to 28% on…
1 offer
Non-Returnable
Non-Returnable
Amazon Delivered
Amazon Delivered
Secure transaction
Secure transaction
Occasion	New Baby, Anniversary, Thank, Thanksgiving
Flavour	BUTTER PLAIN
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Net Quantity	1.00 count
Brand	ANMOLPREET
Item Weight	200 Grams
Item Form	Bar
Item Firmness Description	Low Calories
Package Weight	250 Grams
Package Type	Pouch
See more
This is a Vegetarian product.
About this item
100% NATURAL INGREDIENTS: No Maida (White Flour), Free of White/Refined Sugar, No Preservatives, No Artificial Colours, No added Flavourings. The perfect combination of natural ingredients such as Ragi Flour, Moringa Leaf Powder, Honey, Cardamom and Jaggery makes cookie a deliciously healthy and crunchy snack.
UNIQUE & HEALTHY SNACK: All the goodness of Nine grains, the cookies provide adequate quantities of Fiber and Anti oxidants, to help maintain a healthy Glycemic index and keep you active.
DIABETIC FRIENDLY: The Diet Millet Cookies provide adequate quantities of Fiber and Anti oxidants, to help maintain a healthy glycemic index and keep you active always. It is also served as a best snack for all who have type -2 diabetics.
FOR ALL AGE GROUPS: ANMOLPREET Cookies are an all-time favorites of all those who love tasty and healthy snacks. You are sure to have a lot of health benefits with this energy filled snack. The Digestive cookies are one of those kinds of food that you are looking for nourishment to keep you active and fit. We only use Natural grains & Cereals, Palm sugar/Jagger, oils to ensure maximum Health benefits and Nutrition to all age groups, including Kids, Young and Elders.
REWARD - Treat yourself or share a happy moment with your loved ones with a chocolate filled ANMOLPREET cookie.
› See more product details
   Report an issue with this product

Product information
Collapse All
Expand All
Item details
Flavor	BUTTER PLAIN
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Brand Name	ANMOLPREET
Item Form	Bar
Item Firmness Description	Low Calories
Package Type	Pouch
Customer Reviews	3.2 3.2 out of 5 stars    2 ratings
3.2 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#111,134 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods (See Top 100 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods)
#644 in Butter Cookies
ASIN	B0BS3K632L
Additional details
Occasion	New Baby, Anniversary, Thank, Thanksgiving
Feedback
Would you like to tell us about a lower price? 
Measurements
Unit Count	1.00 count
Item Weight	200 Grams
Item Package Weight	250 Grams
Important information
Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
All the goodness of multi-grains, the cookies provide adequate quantities of fiber and Antioxidants, helps maintain a healthy glycaemic index and keep you active. The perfect combination of natural ingredients such as Ragi Flour and Jaggery makes cookie a deliciously healthy and crunchy snack. The Perfect combination of Banana powder, Little flour, Moringa leaf powder, Unrefined sugar, Honey and Cardomon makes the cookie delicious and crunchy. Our made Cookies will help to balance your daily diet.