Lay's Classic Salted Potato Chips, 24g or 28g or 35 Gram (Weight May Vary)
Brand: Lay's
4.4 4.4 out of 5 stars    37,535 ratings | Search this page
#1 Best Seller in Potato Chips
2K+ bought in past month
₹10.00 (₹35.71 /100 g)
Inclusive of all taxes
Save Extra with 2 offers
Cashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See AllCashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See All
Partner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free DetailsPartner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free Details
Free Delivery
Free Delivery
Non-Returnable
Non-Returnable
Amazon Delivered
Amazon Delivered
Top Brand
Top Brand
Secure transaction
Secure transaction
Style Name: Chips
Flavour Name:

Salted
Salted
Size:

28 g (Pack of 1)
28 g (Pack of 1)
Brand	Lay's
Flavour	Salted
Net Quantity	28.0 gram
Number of Items	1
Type	Potato Chip
Diet Type	Gluten Free
Item Form	Chips
Item Weight	28 Grams
Size	28 g (Pack of 1)
Item dimensions L x W x H	135 x 40 x 170 Centimeters
See less
This is a Vegetarian product.
About this item
Romance your taste buds with tangy flavor of tomatoes & savory spices
From the everyday snack to the impromptu get-togethers, LAY’S chips are the perfect addition to any occasion.
100% vegetarian, best quality potatoes, finest quality of spices and edible vegetable oils. Trans-fat free.
› See more product details
   Report an issue with this product
Top Brand

Lay's


94% positive ratings from 50K+ customers


50K+ recent orders from this brand


10+ years on Amazon

Product information
Collapse All
Expand All
Item details
Brand Name	Lay's
Flavor	Salted
Snack Chip Type	Potato Chip
Diet Type	Gluten Free
Item Form	Chips
Package Type	Packet
Customer Reviews	4.4 4.4 out of 5 stars    37,535 ratings
4.4 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#21 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods (See Top 100 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods)
#1 in Potato Chips
ASIN	B015CP4026
Feedback
Would you like to tell us about a lower price? 
Measurements
Unit Count	28.0 gram
Number of Items	1
Item Weight	28 Grams
Size	28 g (Pack of 1)
Item Dimensions	135 x 40 x 170 Centimeters
Item Package Weight	0.03 Kilograms
Important information
Ingredients:
Potato, Edible Vegetable Oil, Sugar, Salt, Tomato Powder (1.1%),**Spices & Condiments (Capsicum powder, Garlic Powder, Pepper Powder, Ginger powder, Clove powder, Cinnamon powder), Wheat Fibre, Dextrose, Citric Acid, Tartaric Acid.

Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
When it comes to great taste, simplicity is key and Lay’s Classic Salted Potato Chips is here to prove it It all starts with the highest quality farm-grown potatoes, cooked to crunchy perfection and sprinkled with microlite salt. The Lay’s Classic is a reminder that it is always the simple things in life that matter and that bring you the most pleasure. Whether enjoyed on its own or with fancy dips, during big gatherings or on quiet nights, Lay’s Classic is always the perfect companion and guarantees Happiness in Every Bite, Every Time. Have them as an accompaniment to your sandwich or even use them to create fun recipes! Key benefits:

Lay’s Classic Salted flavour
Cooked to crispy perfection
Versatile snack enjoyed in any setting
100% vegetarian
From the manufacturer
Lays, Chips
lays, chips, classic salted
chips, lays
