Betty Crocker French Vanilla Instant Cake Mix Powder| Cake Mix for Kids| No-Preservatives|520 Grams
Visit the Betty Crocker Store
4.2 4.2 out of 5 stars    4,125 ratings | Search this page
100+ bought in past month
-21% ₹330.00 (₹33.00 /100 g)
M.R.P.: ₹420.00
Inclusive of all taxes
 
Offers
Cashback
Upto ₹16.50 cashback as Amazon Pay Balance when you pay with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank Credit CardsUpto ₹16.50 cashback as Amaz…
2 offers
Partner Offers
Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for freeGet GST invoice and save up to 28% on…
1 offer
Free Delivery
Free Delivery
Non-Returnable
Non-Returnable
Amazon Delivered
Amazon Delivered
Top Brand
Top Brand
Secure transaction
Secure transaction
Size: 1 kg (Pack of 1)
1 kg (Pack of 1)
₹330.00
(₹33.00 /100 g)
₹420.00
1 Count (Pack of 1)
See available options
2 Count (Pack of 1)
See available options
425 g (Pack of 2)
See available options
475 g (Pack of 1)
See available options
475 g (Pack of 2)
See available options
500 g (Pack of 1)
See available options
520 g (Pack of 2)
See available options
Pattern Name: French Vanilla
French Vanilla
Chocolate Fudge
Chocolate Fudge + Chocolate Brownie Combo
Chocolate Fudge + Pancake Buttermilk Combo
Chocolate Fudge + Vanilla Cake Mix Combo
French Vanilla + Choco Cake Mix Combo
French Vanilla + Chocolate Brownie Combo
Brand	Betty Crocker
Flavour	French-Vanilla
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Speciality	Vegetarian
Number of Items	1
This is a Vegetarian product.
About this item
The Perfect Vanilla Cake At Home Bake delightful and moist cake with Betty Crocker Vanilla Cake Mix easily at home. This makes your birthday and special occasions plans sweeter.
Mix, Pour & Bake Cake that is convenient to bake, just add egg, oil & water to the mixture and get ready to taste some French Vanilla cake.
ENJOY WITH YOUR FAMILY: The aroma of warm cake baking at home will bring home smiles. Ideal for any age, any season, this is best consumed warm with a coffee or tea. When celebrating, have it cold with frosting annd toppings of your choice.
No Preservatives It contains no preservatives and no artificial colors. It is best cake mix for kids and can be enjoyed by people at anytime and anywhere
Customizable Top up your cake with your favorite mouth-watering toppings like Almonds, Chocolate Syrup or whipped cream. Or tweak the recipe to your liking by adding other ingredients. See pack for more details.
› See more product details
   Report an issue with this product
Top Brand

Betty Crocker


91% positive ratings from 10K+ customers


5K+ recent orders from this brand


10+ years on Amazon

Product information
Collapse All
Expand All
Item details
Brand Name	Betty Crocker
Flavor	French-Vanilla
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Specialty	Vegetarian
Number of Items	1
Occasion	Housewarming, Anniversary, Birthday
Container Type	Toothpick
Manufacturer	General Mills
Customer Reviews	4.2 4.2 out of 5 stars    4,125 ratings
4.2 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#4,717 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods (See Top 100 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods)
#17 in Baking Mixes
ASIN	B0749RW4CW
Feedback
Would you like to tell us about a lower price? 
Measurements
Unit Count	1000.0 gram
Item Weight	520 Grams
Item Package Weight	0.58 Kilograms
Important information
Ingredients:
‎Sugar Refined Wheat Flour (Maida), Edible Vegetable Oil (Palm), baking Powder, Emulsifers Stabilizers (INS477, INS471, INs415), Raising agents (INS500(ii), INS341(i), INS341(ii)), Modified starch (INS1422), Iodized Salt, Artificial Flavour (Vanilla), Food Colour (INS110).

Directions:
1. Mix one pack of Betty CrockerTM French Vanilla Cake mix, oil, water and eggs together in a large bowl. Beat lightly for 30 seconds and then vigorously for 3 minutes by hand until well blended. Pour into tin. 2.Bake for 35-40 minutes or until toothpick inserted in centre comes out clean. 3.Cool the cake for 10 minutes. Remove the cake from the pan by scraping sides of pan using knife.

Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
Bake rich, dense and sinfully delicious dessert for any occasion with Betty Crocker Frech Vanilla Instant Cake Mix Powder. Perfect for celebrations all big and small, this ready to make cake mix when done can be topped with your favourite frosting, fruit or sprinkles to create a treat or just a post dinner dessert. Just mix, pour, bake and get ready to indulge into soft, moist vanilla flavour. Have it warm or cold as per your choice.

From the manufacturer
Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix
Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix

STEP 1: MIX
Oil, water and eggs and beat well

Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix

STEP 2: POUR
the batter evenly on the baking dish.

Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix

STEP 3: BAKE
Preheat the oven to 180°C and bake for 20-30 mins.

Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix

STEP 4: SERVE
Serve with your favourite toppings. Bon Appetit!

Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix
Birthday Cake Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix

Vanilla Cake
1. Add oil, water, and eggs to one pack of Betty Crocker Super Moist French Vanilla Cake Mix in a bowl, Start by stirring gently for 30 seconds, then quickly for 3 minutes.

2. Spread in the tin evenly.

3. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the centre of the pan emerges clean.

4. Let the cake cool for 10 minutes. By using a knife to scrape the pan's sides, you may remove the cake.

5. Garnish the soft and delicious cake with almonds, chocolate syrup , whipped cream, fresh fruits, etc.

Brownie Pops Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix

Vanilla Brownie
1. Add olive oil, eggs, vanilla extract, and chocolate chips to one pack of Betty Crocker Super Moist French Vanilla Cake Mix in a large bowl and stir.

2. Spread the batter in the baking dish evenly.

3. Bake for 20-25 minutes at 350 degrees until done.

4. Allow to cool down completely before cutting for the easiest results.

5. Serve with chooclate syrup and ice cream.

Brownie Sandwich Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix

Vanilla Fudge
1. Add powdered sugar to 1 pack of Betty Crocker Super Moist French Vanilla Cake Mix and mix together.

2. Add in butter and milk and microwave for 2 minutes. Do not mix the batter.

3. Immediately take it out and stir everything together to a smooth consistency.

4. Pour some white chocolate/vanilla chips into the batter.

5. Spread the batter evenly in the baking pan.

6. Place in the fridge for two hours, or until set. Square it up and enjoy!

Betty Crocker French Vanilla cake mix
