Britannia Good Day Butter Cookies, 200g/250g(Weight may vary)
Brand: Britannia Good Day
4.3 4.3 out of 5 stars    88 ratings | Search this page
300+ bought in past month
₹35.00 (₹17.50 /100 g)
Inclusive of all taxes
Save Extra with 2 offers
Cashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See AllCashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon bu…See All
Partner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free DetailsPartner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free Details
Free Delivery
Free Delivery
Non-Returnable
Non-Returnable
Amazon Delivered
Amazon Delivered
Top Brand
Top Brand
Secure transaction
Secure transaction
Occasion	New Baby, Anniversary, Thank, Thanksgiving
Flavour	Butter
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Number of Items	1
Net Quantity	200.0 gram
Brand	Britannia Good Day
Item Weight	250 Grams
Item Form	Bar
Speciality	suitable for vegetarians
Item dimensions L x W x H	14.2 x 12.8 x 11 Centimeters
See more
About this item
Britannia
Country of Origin: India
FSSAI License Number: 11217303000066
› See more product details
   Report an issue with this product
Top Brand

Britannia Good Day


94% positive ratings from 5K+ customers


10K+ recent orders from this brand


10+ years on Amazon

Product information
Collapse All
Expand All
Item details
Flavor	Butter
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Brand Name	Britannia Good Day
Item Form	Bar
Specialty	suitable for vegetarians
Item Firmness Description	Firm
Package Type	Pouch
Manufacturer	Britannia, feedback@britindia.com
Customer Reviews	4.3 4.3 out of 5 stars    88 ratings
4.3 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#4,482 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods (See Top 100 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods)
#19 in Butter Cookies
ASIN	B00S9BQF9M
Additional details
Occasion	New Baby, Anniversary, Thank, Thanksgiving
Feedback
Would you like to tell us about a lower price? 
Measurements
Number of Items	1
Unit Count	200.0 gram
Item Weight	250 Grams
Item Dimensions	14.2 x 12.8 x 11 Centimeters
Item Package Weight	0.26 Kilograms
Important information
Ingredients:
Prepared using Refined Wheat Flour (Maida), Sugar, Edible Vegetable Oil, Butter, Invert Syrup, Milk Solids, Iodised Salt, Nature Identical and Artificial Flavouring Substances- Butter, Vanilla and Milk

Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
Britannia Good Day Butter Cookies are delicious butter cookies, perfect with a cup of tea or to satisfy those hunger pangs between meals. With a light crunchy bite, the cookie melts in your mouth leaving a delicious buttery taste. Britannia biscuits, cookies, cakes and rusk are a perfect companion for your tea. Believing in delivering wholesome and delicious products, Britannia India manufactures some of India's favourite brands like 50-50, Tiger, NutriChoice, Bourbon, Milk Bikis and Marie Gold.

From the manufacturer
m1
m2
Britannia Good Day is the biggest cookie brand in urban India.

Loved by everyone in the family, they have a delightful taste. With an abundance of rich ingredients, Good Day delivers a rich and fulfilling cookie experience. Britannia Good Day Cookies are abundantly loaded with delectable ingredients like butter, cashews, almonds, and pistachios.

m3

Loaded with nuts like cashews, almonds and pistachios, Britannia Good Day Cookies provide a flavoursome and fulfilling cookie experience.

m4

Britannia Good Day cookies contains no trans fat, making it a tasty and heathier choice.

m5

No. 1 Cookie in Urban India: Britannia Good Day, with its philosophy of spreading happiness, it is one of the favourite cookies in every Indian household making it the No. 1 cookie in Urban India.

m6

Britannia Good Day Butter Cookies
The melt-in-mouth experience of these butter flavoured cookies will give you an irresistible taste.

m7

Britannia Good Day Cashew Cookies
With abundant Butter & Cashew, these cookies make everyday moments special.

m8

Britannia Good Day Pista Badam Cookies
Loaded with the abundance of almonds, cashews, and pistachios, these cookies are a sure delight of your day.