Too Yumm! All in One | 200gm | No palm oil | 35% less saturated fat
Brand: Too Yumm!
4.0 4.0 out of 5 stars    136 ratings | Search this page
100+ bought in past month
₹65.00 (₹32.50 /100 g)
Inclusive of all taxes
Save Extra with 2 offers
Cashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See AllCashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See All
Partner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free DetailsPartner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free Details
Free Delivery
Free Delivery
Non-Returnable
Non-Returnable
Amazon Delivered
Amazon Delivered
Top Brand
Top Brand
Secure transaction
Secure transaction
Brand	Too Yumm!
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Item Weight	200 Grams
Speciality	Crunchy, Crispy
Number of Items	1
Net Quantity	200.0 gram
Item dimensions L x W x H	21 x 14.3 x 6.8 Centimeters
Package Weight	0.2 Kilograms
Package Type	Pouch
See more
This is a Vegetarian product.
About this item
Healthy snack
No Palmoil
35% less saturated fat
Shelf life: 149 days
› See more product details
   Report an issue with this product
Top Brand

Too Yumm!


90% positive ratings from 1K+ customers


10K+ recent orders from this brand


7+ years on Amazon

Product information
Collapse All
Expand All
Item details
Brand Name	Too Yumm!
Diet Type	Vegetarian
Specialty	Crunchy, Crispy
Package Type	Pouch
Customer Reviews	4.0 4.0 out of 5 stars    136 ratings
4.0 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#8,598 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods (See Top 100 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods)
#245 in Namkeen
ASIN	B0BZPPGNBP
Feedback
Would you like to tell us about a lower price? 
Measurements
Item Weight	200 Grams
Number of Items	1
Unit Count	200.0 gram
Item Dimensions	21 x 14.3 x 6.8 Centimeters
Item Package Weight	0.2 Kilograms
Important information
Ingredients:
Edible Vegetable Oil (Rice Bran), Gram Flour (13.6%), Rice Flakes (11.8%), Corn Flakes (9.9%), Seasoning (Sugar, lodised Salt, *Spices & Condiments [Fennel (5.5%)], Acidity Regulator (INS 330), Natural And Nature Identical Flavouring Substances, Anticaking Agent (INS 551)), Peanuts (6.5%), Starch, Rice Flour (4.3%), Split Bengal Gram (3.7%), Pea Flour (3.3%), Flattened Bengal Gram (2.5%), Lentil (1.9%), Cashew Nuts (0.9%), Raisins (0.8%), Turmeric Powder, Split Green Gram (0.5%), Coriander Seeds (0.4%), lodised Salt, Sago (0.2%), Red Chilli Powder, Ajowan Used as natural flavouring agent. ALLERGEN ADVICE: MAY CONTAIN WHEAT, SOYA, MILK, PEANUTS, TREE NUTS AND SULPHITE

Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
Introducing the Ultimate Snack Experience: Too Yumm All-in-One Mixture Elevate your snacking game with our All-in-One Mixture—an irresistible blend of crunchy goodness that brings together a symphony of flavors and textures in every bite. Crafted with precision and passion, this snack embodies the perfect harmony of ingredients, meticulously selected to tantalize your taste buds and leave you craving for more. Picture a medley of crispy peanuts, savory lentils, crunchy cornflakes, and zesty spices, all coming together in a delightful fusion of taste and crunch. Our All-in-One Mixture is a celebration of diversity, offering a little something for everyone to enjoy. Whether you're relaxing at home, need a quick pick-me-up at work, or need something to accompany your tea, our All-in-One Mixture is your go-to snack companion. Indulge guilt-free, knowing that our All-in-One Mixture is made with the finest quality ingredients, carefully sourced and expertly blended to ensure maximum freshness and flavor. Each batch is crafted with love and attention to detail, resulting in a Healthy snack that's as wholesome as it is delicious. So, why settle for ordinary snacks when you can experience the extraordinary with Too Yumm All-in-One Mixture. Treat yourself to a symphony of flavors that will delight your senses and keep you coming back for more. Try it today and discover the magic of the ultimate snack experience!