Britannia Gobbles Bar Cake Orange Bites, 30 g
Visit the Britannia Gobbles Cake Store
4.2 4.2 out of 5 stars    2,066 ratings | Search this page
1K+ bought in past month
₹15.00 (₹50.00 /100 g)
Inclusive of all taxes
Save Extra with 2 offers
Cashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See AllCashback (2): Get 5% back with Amazon Pay ICICI Bank credit card for Prime members. 3% back for others. Not applicable on EMI orders and Amazon business transactions. See All
Partner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free DetailsPartner Offers: Get GST invoice and save up to 28% on business purchases. Sign up for free Details
Free Delivery
Free Delivery
Non-Returnable
Non-Returnable
Amazon Delivered
Amazon Delivered
Top Brand
Top Brand
Secure transaction
Secure transaction
Flavour Name: Orange
Orange
₹15.00
(₹50.00 /100 g)
30g, Choco Vanilla
Currently unavailable.
110g, Red Velvet
Currently unavailable.
Chocolate
Currently unavailable.
choco,vanilla
Currently unavailable.
Occasion	New Baby, Anniversary, Thank, Thanksgiving
Flavour	Orange
Diet Type	Non Vegetarian
Number of Items	1
Net Quantity	30.0 gram
Brand	Britannia Gobbles Cake
Item Weight	30 Grams
Item Form	Bar
Item dimensions L x W x H	16.6 x 17.5 x 11 Centimeters
Item Firmness Description	Soft
See more
This is a Non-vegetarian product.
About this item
Soft and spongy texture filled with the goodness of milk, fruit and eggs, making it as healthy as it is tasty.
Orange flavour gives your senses a refreshing exciting taste in every bite.
With the other flavours like fruit, chocolate, milk, butter and pineapple these cakes become more interesting.
Britannia cake is a range of delicious ready to eat, on the go cakes that you can enjoy every time you crave for something sweet, soft, light and spongy.
Store this cake in a cool, dry place not under the direct sunlight to keep its soft and fluffy texture maintained. Trust of Britannia and pure ingredients have made this cake so undeniably tasty.
› See more product details
   Report an issue with this product
Top Brand

Britannia Gobbles Cake


91% positive ratings from 1K+ customers


10K+ recent orders from this brand


2+ years on Amazon

Product information
Collapse All
Expand All
Item details
Flavor	Orange
Diet Type	Non Vegetarian
Brand Name	Britannia Gobbles Cake
Item Form	Bar
Item Firmness Description	Soft
Package Type	Pouch
Manufacturer	BRITANNIA INDUSTRIES LTD, feedback@britindia.com
Customer Reviews	4.2 4.2 out of 5 stars    2,066 ratings
4.2 out of 5 stars
Best Sellers Rank	#771 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods (See Top 100 in Grocery & Gourmet Foods)
#2 in Fruit Cakes
ASIN	B0B1D733ZV
Additional details
Occasion	New Baby, Anniversary, Thank, Thanksgiving
Feedback
Would you like to tell us about a lower price? 
Measurements
Number of Items	1
Unit Count	30.0 gram
Item Weight	30 Grams
Item Dimensions	16.6 x 17.5 x 11 Centimeters
Item Package Weight	0.05 Kilograms
Important information
Ingredients:
Prepared using Refined Wheat Flour, Sugar, Eggs, Edible Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, Orange Pulp, Fruit Products, Maltose Syrup, Iodised Salt, Preservatives, Baking Powder, Raising Agent, Nature Identical and Artificial Flavouring Substance- Vanilla

Legal Disclaimer:
Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and different information than what is shown on our app or website. We recommend that you do not rely solely on the information presented here and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product.

Product description
Britannia Orange Cake has soft and delicious cake slices with the goodness of tangy oranges, milk and eggs. With the best all-natural ingredients, each bite gives mouth-watering flavour. Britannia Cakes have soft spongy and fluffy slices that deliciously melts in your mouth. Believing in delivering fresh and healthy products, Britannia India manufactures some of India's favourite cakes.